I explain the function of the
cord loop help that is the
loop help with the hook like that
have thread-mentioned and that is the
accompanying leather packaging snort
Nodes are needed in the fishing area
they should be solid
the windows number is there
critical
that's the little sleeping knot that
is the big sleeping knot both
Knots have a high bond number for
the strength of the knot is represented
I 'd rather take this one
piece of twine cord lay it double way
she had around my four fingers and now
I have an upper and an lower level
sleep under the bend should one
diameter of about twelve centimeters
have and top about one
length of four centimeters namely only
sleep help and ask in the
Pull the upper loop through until
to listen
then I bring the loop aid to
rotate around the thread
the looped knots are ready
a high commitment time for the
strength of running
explain now manufacture one
small loop with the sleep and
Helping a string would be twofold
what the length is about 15 cm
the double string would be my two
finger so i read a superstar one
I 'll hang you down then
just sleep help through the hook in
oberstaufen pull through to the stop
Now I turn my fingers through
The legs sleep help
and the cord
I pull the knot with my fingers
end of the bend
and finished the little bend